# ResoExpo (Resource Export/Import)
ResoExpo is a resource management website meant for helping people organize their personal and professional events in an easy and convenient manner and provides resources to the people who wants to fulfill their needs by giving access to the vast amount of resources through easy, convenient and user friendly interface so that they could look for the resources and book them. It provides users whether it is an individual or company to organize events or ask for the resources which they need. The major concern of this website is to satisfy the requirement of users by providing resources at a very reasonable rate and help user to explore a hassle free experience while accessing our site. This site provides a interactive setting bar through which a user can tweak its login/signup page which makes even this fun. 
 
ResoExpo is a simple, flexible and powerful resource management system. The company is approved only when the background check is done this provides a sigh of relief in terms of security that no one can fool you. So it provides users with a secure experience, this site tries follows the security triad CIA i.e confidentiality, integrity and availability as much as possible but we all know security is never perfect. 
 
To improve our security ResoExpo has a separate admin portal from its company or users portal which helps in changing  each and every aspect of website from its gallery to its  news feed, faqs, message response and many more. Through this site we makes sure that every user can easily access the resources, get their queries resolved if they have any and take away good experience and affordable lifestyle by decreasing the cost and providing them with best deal. To organize events or book for it companies can  join ResoExpo by proper authentication and by getting the approval of admin. ResoExpo provides company with their own control panel for their events and gives them many more functionalities. Resource Management Website that handles the bookings of the services and facilities by the registered members and all bookings are managed by the Administrator at backend.
